@W-18587861@ - Add documentation for transformSDKClient to commerce-sdk-react README (#2640)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/commerce-sdk-react/README.md

useUsid() => {usid: String, getUsidWhenReady: Promise}
```

## Advanced: Customizing SDK Clients with `transformSDKClient`

> To support advanced use cases, such as integrating with older templates or customizing API client behavior, `commerce-sdk-react` provides a utility called `transformSDKClient`. This utility wraps any Commerce SDK client instance in a JavaScript Proxy, allowing you to intercept and transform method arguments, headers, parameters, and other options before each SDK call is made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support advanced use cases, such as integrating with older templates or customizing API client behavior, `commerce-sdk-react` provides a utility called `transformSDKClient`. This utility wraps any Commerce SDK client instance in a JavaScript Proxy, enabling you to intercept and transform method arguments, headers, parameters, and other options before each SDK call is made.
```

Reviewer: Per the style guide, we try to avoid "allow" because it could have a meaning of permissions. 
Also, the last sentence contains both "arguments" and "parameters". Are they intentionally both there to refer to different things?

This is especially useful for:
-   Adapting SDK clients for legacy or custom templates.
-   Removing references to unused SDK clients.

### How It Works

`transformSDKClient` takes an SDK client instance and a configuration object. The configuration can include:
-   `props`: Arbitrary props you want to pass to your transformer.
-   `transformer`: A function that receives the props, method name, and options, and returns the transformed options.
-   `onError`: (Optional) A function to handle errors thrown by SDK methods.

> Every method call on the proxied client will pass through your transformer before being executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every method call on the proxied client passes through your transformer before being executed.
```

Reviewer: Preference is for the present tense.

#### Example: Passing Custom SDK Clients to the Provider

> You can use this utility to pass in your own SDK clients to the `CommerceApiProvider` via the `apiClients` prop, and apply custom transformations globally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this utility to pass in your own SDK clients to the `CommerceApiProvider` via the `apiClients` prop, and apply custom transformations globally.
```

```js
import {CommerceApiProvider} from '@salesforce/commerce-sdk-react'
import {ShopperProducts} from 'commerce-sdk-isomorphic'

// Create your SDK client instances as usual
const myShopperProductsClient = new ShopperProducts({
    // ...your config
})

// Pass your client(s) in the apiClients prop
const apiClients = {
    shopperProducts: myShopperProductsClient
    // ...add other clients as needed
}

const App = ({children}) => (
    <CommerceApiProvider
        // ...other required props
        apiClients={apiClients}
        // You can also pass custom headers, fetchOptions, etc.
    >
        {children}
    </CommerceApiProvider>
)
```

> > **Note:** The `CommerceApiProvider` will automatically wrap each client in `apiClients` with `transformSDKClient`, using a default transformer that injects headers and fetch options from the provider props. You must use props passed to `CommerceApiProvider` for setting custom headers and fetch options. `transformSDKClient` will merge headers and options passed in as props with the default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The `CommerceApiProvider` will automatically wrap each client in `apiClients` with `transformSDKClient`, using a default transformer that injects headers and fetch options from the provider props. You must use props passed to `CommerceApiProvider` for setting custom headers and fetch options. `transformSDKClient` merges headers and options passed in as props with the default values.
```

    client: T,
    config: {
        props?: any,
        transformer?: (props, methodName: string, options: any) => any,
        onError?: (methodName: string, error: any, options: any) => void
    }
): T
```

- **client**: The SDK client instance to wrap.
- **config**:
  - **props**: Any extra data you want to pass to your transformer.
  - **transformer**: Function to transform method arguments before each SDK call.
  - **onError**: (Optional) Function to handle errors from SDK methods.

> **Note:** If you choose to pass the `apiClients` prop, you are responsible for providing all SDK clients you intend to use in your application. Any hooks or features that rely on a missing client will throw an error at runtime. This allows for customization, but requires you to explicitly include each client you need.

### Handling Missing SDK Clients

With the introduction of the optional `apiClients` prop and support for custom SDK client injection, `commerce-sdk-react` now provides robust error handling for missing clients. If you attempt to use a query or mutation hook for a client that was not initialized or passed to the `CommerceApiProvider`, a clear error will be thrown.

> For example, if you call a hook like `useShopperProducts` but did not provide a `shopperProducts` client in your `apiClients` prop, you will see an error message such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you call a hook like `useShopperProducts` but did not provide a `shopperProducts` client in your `apiClients` prop, you will see an error message similar to this error.
```

```text
Missing required client: shopperProducts. Please initialize shopperProducts class and provide it in CommerceApiProvider's apiClients prop.
```

This ensures that your application fails fast and provides actionable feedback, making it easier to debug configuration issues—especially when integrating with older templates or customizing your SDK client setup.

### Disabling Automatic Auth Initialization

> By default, `CommerceApiProvider` will automatically initialize authentication by calling `auth.ready()` as soon as the provider renders. This is the standard and recommended behavior for most applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `CommerceApiProvider` automatically initializes authentication by calling `auth.ready()` as soon as the provider renders. This is the standard and recommended behavior for most applications.
```

**New in v3.4.0:** You can now optionally disable this automatic initialization by passing the `disableAuthInit` prop:

```jsx
<CommerceApiProvider
    // ...other required props
    disableAuthInit={true}
>
    {children}
</CommerceApiProvider>
```

> - **Default:** `disableAuthInit` is `false` (auth will be initialized automatically).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Default:** `disableAuthInit` is `false` (auth is initialized automatically).
```
